Through enjoying the services provided by actablet.com, you will be engaged to this conditions of use and other relevant policies, conditions and rules. If you disagree with any item of this policy, you can refuse to visit our website.

Privacy
Please refer to our privacy policy to find out our tradition on this issue. That policy is also applicable to your visiting on our website.

Electronic Communication
When you visit actablet.com or send an email to us, you are communicating with us in electronic way, which means that you agree to accept our electronic messages. We will contact you by email or issuing notice on actablet.com. According with legal requirement on these communication to be written
If actablet.com can prove that it has sent you the electronic messages or issued the notice on the website, that would be regarded as you have received all the agreement, declaration, proclamation and other information.

Copyright
All the information posted on actablet.com such as statement, diagram, sign, button icon, image, audio document segments, digital download, data edit and software belong to the property of actablet.com or its affiliated companies or resource suppliers, under the protection of Chinese and International Copyright Law.
The compilation of all the information on our website is the exclusive property of actablet.com Inc., under the protection of Chinese and International Copyright Law
All the software employed by actablet.com belong to the property of actablet.com Inc. or its affiliated companies or resource suppliers, under the protection of Chinese and International Copyright Law.

actablet.com's Right
The icons, signs, page header, button icon, statement, service name on our website all belongs to the trade mark or upholster of actablet.com and its affiliated companies. All these icons or upholsters ought not to be employed to any products or services unrelated to actablet.com and its affiliated companies in any manner of possibly misleading consumers or depreciating or defaming actablet.com and its affiliated companies. All other trade marks showing on actablet.com except the principal parts above belong to the respective properties of the owners, who may be or may not be related to actablet.com or its affiliated companies or sponsored by actablet.com or its affiliated companies. Without the written permission of actablet.com or its trade mark owner, anything on actablet.com should not be explained as anyone is granted with permission by connivance or other manners or justified to use any trade marks shown on our website.

Your Account
If you decide to use our website, you are responsible for keeping secrete of your account information and password and restricting the entry to your computer and you also approve to respond all the activities with your account and password. actablet.com don’t sell products to children but sell children’s articles to adults.
If you still do not reach the age of 18, you are justified to decide by yourself to refuse services, close account, delete or edit content and cancel order on actablet.com and its affiliated companies only when you’re under the supervision of your parents or guardians and within the scope of relevant international laws.

You also ward actablet.com and its affiliated companies and relicensed person the rights to use the name you provided along with these content, if they choose to do that. You declare and assure that you have the rights to control the posted content in other manner, its content is accurate, You declare and assure that you will compensate for the damage to actablet.com and its affiliated companies brought by the content you provide.
actablet.com have rights (but not obligation) to censor and edit or delete any activities or content. We are not responsible for the submission of messages from you or any third parties.

Actablet.com Management.
