Which means it's also the last time I'll ever get lost in their endless maze of phone menus and buck-passing telemarketers.

The last time I'll ever wait for them to come to my house "sometime between 8:00 and 6:00" to make an installation or repair.

And the last time I'll ever have to pay for hundreds of shows that I'd never watch in a million years...just to get access to a few shows that I really do love.

See, I remember when my dad bought our first TV.

It was a Zenith. In a wooden cabinet! With a knob for VHF, and a dial for UHF.

It appeared under the Christmas tree one morning.

Mom had wrestled a yard and a half of wrapping paper over it. But we knew what it was right away — what else could be that big?

That was the longest week of my life. But it was worth the wait.

Because in those days, TV delivered its promise of great entertainment. It was even free!

Monday night at 9:30 was Andy Griffith. Thursday night at 8:00 was Gilligan's Island. Sunday night at 9:00 was Bonanza. Bugs Bunny and Captain Kangaroo on Saturday mornings. Frank Gifford and Pat Summerall calling football games. Walter Cronkite reading us the evening news.

But somewhere down the line, that promise was broken. We started paying more and more good money to get less and less good programming.

And we put up with it for too long.

I mean, millions of Americans dropped newspapers, long-distance telephone service, bookstores, traditional stockbrokers, record companies, travel agents, and department stores, even though they were actually quite happy with those businesses.

It's just that something better came along.

But here we are still clinging to this outmoded television delivery technology that we're all really unhappy with.

And now that something better has come along for this too, it's time to act.
Not just as consumers, but also as investors.

Just like Motley Fool Stock Advisor members did when they made 23x their money on Amazon.com, and 52x their money on Priceline.

But how?

My daughter didn't have an answer for that one.

Actually, what she said was, "Dad, I'm 18. How would I know?"

I still hadn't figured all the angles out yet.

But my imagination was running wild. And I knew just who to talk to...

Truth is, even though I've worked at The Motley Fool for more than 15 years, I'm still pretty gun-shy about stock investing. Sure, I've bought a few companies here and there (mostly technology companies I know and use at work.)

But now I had a big idea, one I was really certain about, and I needed Tom and David Gardner to show me how to make it invest-able.

After all, these guys wrote the book on investing in the entertainment industry for HUGE profits....

Activision Blizzard (Nasdaq: ATVI) — Up 1,236%

Netflix (Nasdaq: NFLX) — Up 3,294%

Hasbro (Nasdaq: HAS) — Up 374%

Nvidia (Nasdaq: NVDA) — Up 171%

Marvel (acquired by Disney) — Up 4,268%

And, conveniently for me, they also work right down the hall...

But I was a little nervous about talking to Tom and David… because I was starting to have doubts about my investing idea.

You see, another big problem had occurred to me.
Even if I quit cable, won't I still be paying those same #$!&(&*$ for my Internet service?

You can use your imagination to figure out the actual word I said.
Poster

"Share tips, rumors and rumblings about Google
construction or launch activity for a chance
to win $50!"

But it turns out that Tom has been researching this same puzzle for months. And he's already found the solution.

Check out this flyer to the right, sent to us by an alert Stock Advisor reader, and you'll see what I mean.

What was Google up to in Kansas City?

And why was the local cable provider, Time Warner Cable, so paranoid about it that they were trying to pay city employees to snoop on it?

Well, it's called Google Fiber. And it could be just as revolutionary as Google's search engine was when it debuted...

Making our Internet connections 100 times faster (fast enough to watch TV and record 8 other "streaming" shows in high-definition all at once, with no herky jerky download delays). And all for the same price most of us pay our cable companies for internet right now.

In other words, it will completely break down the wall between television and the Internet. And put the cable companies out to pasture.

CNN Money is calling Google Fiber an "audacious bet."

But Tom says it just makes sense. (And he should know...he recommended Google in Stock Advisor after finding out about the Fiber project, and has already made a 91% gain.)

Basically, Google wants you to use the Internet faster. That way you'll visit their sites even more, and they'll make even more money, just like they did when they gave away their "Android" software for free to all the smartphone manufacturers.

With over $57 billion in cash on its balance sheet, Google can afford to wait for the payback. And they have one more advantage that can't be overcome by a purple flyer campaign either...

It's buried deep underground. Where all of the other companies that tried to build a fiber-optic information superhighway over the years (including the cable companies) left a lot of unused wiring. It's called "dark fiber," and Google is quietly buying it for pennies on the dollar.

Meanwhile, they're plotting their next move — now that Google Fiber reaches more than 90% of Kansas City, they're cutting deals with ESPN, CNN, TBS, Cartoon Network, plus (you guessed it) the NFL Network. And placing help-wanted ads for national sales representatives on their company website.

Which is leading some technology watchers to conclude that the Google Fiber experiment in Kansas City "is not a test" but rather "a takeover plan."
Why Google Fiber and Apple TV are just the beginning...

As you can imagine, I was starting to think that Google would be my big winning investment in "Television 2.0."

But David's research has now convinced me otherwise. (The two brothers have great chemistry, and their "creative disagreements" have helped Motley Fool Stock Advisor members nearly triple the returns of the S&P 500 for more than a decade, by seeing both sides of the story.)

You see, Google Fiber isn't the biggest immediate threat to the cable companies. Because it might take a few years to complete its nationwide roll-out.

What would really make me sweat if I was the CEO of Comcast, Time Warner Cable, or DirecTV, is a tiny detail buried on page 555 of Steve Jobs, the best-selling official biography of the Apple CEO written by Walter Isaacson.

(David's been watching Apple closely for years — he pointed Stock Advisor members to the company in 2008, right when the iPhone was gathering steam. And they've made a fantastic 322% return on that investment already.)

This is the key quotation, from Steve Jobs himself:

"I'd like to create an integrated television set that is completely easy to use. It will have the simplest user interface you could imagine. I finally cracked it."

See, even on his death bed, Jobs was toying with his biographer, not wanting to reveal too many details about Apple's plans for TV.

Details like:

    Apple quietly filing a new patent that allows a television to seamlessly skip commercials. Could be for use in their $99 "set top box," which already sells more units than their computer division. Or maybe they have something even bigger in mind...
    A new survey from the market research experts at Quixel, showing that 80% of current television owners would be interested in buying an Apple device that merges the power and versatility of a computer with the convenience of a TV. Even though these "Apple TVs" could cost upwards of $1,500.
    An executive who once held a top position at Apple bragging to Bloomberg News that TV is "Apple's game to lose."
    A Wall Street Journal exposé revealing that Apple recently held high-level meetings with the top cable and satellite companies. (I'd love to hear what Apple's tough guy ultimatum was... think about how they bent the cellphone companies to their will with the iPhone.)

So while some say Apple's next big move will be a new computer or a new version of the iPad...the truth is, Apple needs a bigger splash than that to justify the sky-high market cap that comes with being the most valuable publicly traded company in the history of the world.

And that's why Computer World thinks that Apple is preparing a "sneak attack" on the TV market. And why The Atlantic says "Apple wants to be in your living room. And it doesn't want to settle for being the screen in your lap while you watch TV. Apple wants to be the TV."

And why Barron's says that when Apple finally goes all-in on this $2.2 trillion market, it'll be "an event well worth watching."

It's also why you may need to act NOW if you want to position yourself for maximum profit in the "holy war" for control of television that will be waged in 2014.
But remember, it's a war with a lot more than two sides. And the winner will take most investors by surprise.

Let's survey the scene...

There's the cable and satellite companies clawing to hold onto their trillion dollar revenue stream.

Meanwhile, there's Google attacking through its fiber optic wires underneath the street.
What Investors Like You Are Saying about Motley Fool Stock Advisor

"Stock Advisor is wonderful. Thanks to you guys, I'm managing my own portfolio and I do not lose sleep over it. I'm looking forward to many years of stock info, education, discussion, and buying."
— Sara R., Sherwood, AR

"Honestly, paying for your services is the best money I spend, and I extract FAR more value than I am paying in."
— Neil A., Brookline, MA

"I have been a Stock Advisor subscriber since the beginning. This has been such a good investment for my family. I feel so much more secure about our future (retirement needs and college expenses, which are not too far away). "
— Dennis I., Glendale, AZ

"There are a few must-haves in life. They are (1) air, (2) food and drink, (3) clothing, (4) shelter, and (5) Motley Fool Stock Advisor. Everything else is optional."
— Phillip R., Anchorage, AK
START NOW

And now Apple opening a new battlefield in the living room.

Not to mention other industry heavyweights that already offer popular "Television 2.0" services with a far greater toe-hold than Google Fiber or Apple TV.

Like Amazon, which has at least 20 million video on-demand subscribers in its Prime service.

Or Netflix, which has more than 48 million subscribers watching movies and TV shows through its interface.

Confused yet?

I was too. Until David and Tom sorted it all out for me with something they called "The Cheerios Test."

And sent me running to my online brokerage...NOT to buy Google, or Apple, or Amazon, or Netflix...but to buy two stocks I had never heard of before, and a third one I would have never even considered...

You see, with the brilliant strategy they gave me, it doesn't matter which corporate giant gains a decisive advantage in this war...or when.

Because as long as you know how to invest in these 3 stocks, you're in good position for any outcome.

I'll tell you why in just a moment...

And believe me, I appreciate your patience in reading this far!

It's a complex subject, and given the historic investing gains that could be in your immediate future if you know the right way to take action, it's an important one. So I really don't want to over-simplify it, or make you feel like you're getting a partial explanation.

Honestly, writing breaking news reports on stock investing opportunities isn't part of my usual job description.

I'm an engineer. I love to solve problems.

And then fade into the background when it comes to taking credit!

But something happened to me recently that convinced me to share my story, and made me realize that it could help other ordinary investors to start exercising their imagination — and start taking control of their financial destiny.

See, I had the opportunity to meet some of our Motley Fool members. At an open house we held a couple of days ago here at the company headquarters in Alexandria, Virginia.

Some of them had joined in recent years. Like Danny Vena, an accountant from Longmont, Colorado who's been reading Motley Fool Stock Advisor since 2007.

Danny said he doesn't care that Tom and David Gardner have written best-selling books, or that they've been on every TV show from CNBC Opening Bell to Dr. Phil, or that they launched a radio program 15 years ago that's still popular today.

Instead, he has a laser focus on the 68.9% return that he's enjoyed since he joined Stock Advisor — even through the worst recession in 75 years.
Motley Fool Stock Advisor's Top 3 TV Stocks

The other folks I met at the open house have been relying on The Motley Fool's investment recommendations for more than a decade. And their focus was a little different...

Instead of talking about their overall profit numbers, or about the monster 1,000-plus percent winners I've shown you today, they were more eager to tell me how their investments had changed their lives.

For some of them that meant being able to retire in comfort and style, or to afford a second home...for others it meant traveling the world, or playing the great golf courses...another group told me how good it felt to chip in to their children's (and grandchildren's) college tuition with their investment earnings.

And that hit home, because it's exactly what I'm trying to do myself...
We all want to leave a legacy of great investment returns for our families.

But the right opportunity might come along once in a decade.

And even when it does, you have to know how to take advantage.

That's why I'm so proud to be at The Motley Fool. And so proud of the work that my bosses, Tom and David, do in their Stock Advisor newsletter.

Here's the way I look at it.

Anyone can have a lucky guess. Maybe even two or three lucky guesses.

But Amazon.com, Priceline, Google, and Apple are just a few of the dozens of high-flyers that the Gardner brothers have recommended to members of Motley Fool Stock Advisor.

The reason their track record is so reliable is that, unlike all the acrobats, lion-tamers, and clowns who perform in the three-ring circus that is called (with unearned dignity) "the financial news and advisory industry"...David and Tom pick great companies.

Great companies. Not great bubbles.

Because truly timing the market — picking a stock on exactly the right day, the right week, or even the right month — is impossible.

Nobody in the "circus" admits this, but it's true.

Good investments are made for the long term. And that doesn't have to mean 100 years. 5 is plenty. 10 is even better.

You see, it doesn't take much to be "long term" when we're talking about Wall Street. The trading computers that Goldman Sachs and the other big banks use to move most of the world's money around change their mind every nanosecond, all because some other trading computer changed its mind.

I have no idea how any of that works, and I suspect they don't either.

And that used to scare me (and make me angry). Until I realized that none of it really matters.

Because what does matter...what really builds life-changing wealth for ordinary investors like us...is understanding the long-term, big-picture historical trends that impact our lives.

Like the way the Internet is disrupting traditional industries like cable television and changing them forever.

And strangely enough that means making great investments is easy.

You just need some sound guidance to point you to where the best long-term opportunities are, some spare cash, and the mental discipline to turn off all the non-stop, 24-hour noise from the financial media.

And one more thing...you need a box of Cheerios...
"If You've Got Content, You're in a Great Position"

That's how Robert Johnson described the future of television.

Remember, he's the entertainment industry CEO who raised eyebrows last summer by sounding the alarm about cable TV's impending demise.

Tom and David Gardner put it a bit differently when I met with them.

"Do you like eating Cheerios?"

It was an odd question. Of course I like eating Cheerios! So does my family. So does everyone.

Now ask yourself this, they said...Do the Cheerios in the 12-ounce box taste better than the ones in the 15-ounce box or the 18-ounce box?

Would you drive further to buy Cheerios at your favorite grocery store? Would you pay more?

Well, no.

I love Cheerios. (Better than Raisin Bran or Froot Loops.) I eat Cheerios. (Every morning!) But I don't really care that much about who I buy them from or what kind of package they come in; I just care about convenience and price.

That's when it hit me.

They were saying that TV was basically the same.

What we really love are TV shows. Right?

My daughter likes Glee. My son likes Family Guy. My wife likes Top Chef. And I like football.

It doesn't really matter what screen we watch them on, or what time of day...or what network, cable company, satellite dish, website, app, or gadget delivers them to us.

Our shows are our shows!

A recent Forbes magazine article agrees. It starts with an alarming headline: "The Death of Television"!

But it goes on to explain that rather than dying, TV is about to be reborn.

And in the world of TV 2.0, we're in control.

The article states that:
Content providers -- whether HGTV, History Channel, ESPN, or any other channel -- no longer need to feel that they are subject to the will of the distributors. -- Forbes

And that means they'll start making their money by doing what we want, instead of what those middlemen want.

In fact, if you've been reading the news lately, you know that the content providers have already made their first move.

    Like the AMC channel (home of Breaking Bad and Mad Men) staring down the Dish satellite network.
    Fox playing chicken with Cablevision and almost blacking out a 2010 World Series game.
    Viacom (which makes The Daily Show, Jersey Shore, and Spongebob Squarepants) strong-arming DirecTV.
    The Starz movie network pulling out of Netflix.
    And the Madison Square Garden channel taking its New York Knicks games away from Time Warner cable.

That's why a new Wall Street Journal report wonders if the big distributors are "in denial."

(It also goes on to reveal one more juicy detail...turns out that the children of Charlie Ergen, the founder of Dish Network, are cord-cutters too. Talk about bad publicity!)
Why you need these 3 stocks NOW

We've seen that on-demand direct distribution to the customer changes everything.

Just like it did for online airplane and hotel bookings with Priceline, and online purchases of books (and just about anything else) on Amazon.com....

Which gives content providers the upper hand — regardless of whether they're going through traditional carriers like Cablevision or Time Warner, or new challengers like Google, Apple, and Netflix.

Want more proof? Check out this next chart...
Motley Fool Stock Advisor's Top 3 TV Stocks

Those are the three companies that Tom and David Gardner recommended to Motley Fool Stock Advisor members as their top TV content plays.

Together, these stocks have given investors huge returns over the past two years.

That's more than double what the rest of the stock market has returned.

And thanks to the "Cheerios Test," our members were able to recognize this opportunity before a lot of other investors did, leading them to an average gain of 137.3%.

Here's the even better news — for YOU.

Tom and David think these three winners are about to go on the kind of epic run we only see once every 10 years or so.

And it's hard to disagree. Because as you've seen in this report so far, the next revolution in television has only just begun.

Once more people find out about Google Fiber and the new Apple TV set over the coming days and weeks...the war for the living room will be what everyone's talking about.

And that means even the Wall Street skeptics will finally come around...

Which gives you a short buying window. Fortunately, there's still time to join those Stock Advisor members and cash in — but you may need to act NOW.

I wish I could tell you the name and ticker symbol of these 3 uniquely positioned stocks. And if it were up to me I'd probably just spill the beans.

But my friends in the Motley Fool customer service department tell me I can't, out of respect to the members who are already paying for our Stock Advisor service.

That seems fair. But since you've stuck around with me this far, I want to do two things for you.

First, I want to give you some further information about these 3 companies. For some of you, it might be more than enough to guess their identity...

Company A is a $145 billion powerhouse that owns more than 100 global television networks, plus 7 movie studios, 4 video game companies, and hundreds of websites. Not to mention a little-known research laboratory that's developing the next generation of TV technology. (Like a new system that lets you use any object in your house — including your couch, your coffee table, even a glass of water — as a remote control). In fact, this company's growth potential is so strong that legendary hedge fund investor George Soros just snapped up a million shares.

Company B rose from the ashes of a declining newspaper empire. Now it's cultivating a niche TV audience that's especially attractive to advertisers. Allowing this company to generate more than $2.5 billion in revenue from more than 170 million viewers.

According to Investor's Business Daily, even though the entertainment industry is extremely lucrative, it actually has "a puny number of high quality stocks." And those are two of them.

Company C didn't make IBD's list...because it isn't really an entertainment company. In fact, even though it operates some of the most popular channels on TV (reaching more than 1.5 billion viewers in 180 countries), its business model is completely different. Its most important customers are actually elementary and high schools. And now it's entering another $25 billion education market with a breakthrough product that's half of the price of the traditional choice. So you can see why this company has been able to grow its earnings per share by an annualized 25% during the past five years.

I hope that information was helpful. But the second thing I'd like to give you may prove even more helpful.

It's a special opportunity that The Motley Fool has never extended to anyone before. (Even including our current members.)
Report Cover

This offer allows you to request your very own copy of our new action guide, "3 Must-See Stocks for the New Golden Age of TV"

David and Tom just put the finishing touches on it this morning, and it has everything you need to know about the 3 stocks I just mentioned. You deserve to get the full story about these companies...so you can decide for yourself whether or not to take advantage of this historic investing opportunity.

This guide is officially valued at $29, but I want to send you a copy today — with my compliments — entirely free.

All I ask in return is that you listen to one more offer that could prove extremely valuable to you over the coming months and years...

It's my personal invitation to sample everything our Motley Fool Stock Advisor community has to offer with NO risk or obligation whatsoever.

That's right: I want to give you the chance to profit not only from Tom and David Gardner's top picks for the future of TV, but also from every other recommendation that they've ever made.

And I want you to discover for yourself everything that Motley Fool Stock Advisor has to offer — without having to risk even one dollar.
This is our "Keep Everything & Risk Nothing" DOUBLE GUARANTEE

You see, at Motley Fool Stock Advisor, we stand behind every piece of advice, insight, and recommendation we make, with 100% confidence. Your complete satisfaction is guaranteed — or your money back!

So we want you to go ahead and take a FULL 30 DAYS to have a good look at every breakout company we've uncovered.

And then, if for any reason you're not totally thrilled...

... just tell us to send your money back.

Up to the last day of your first month, we'll promptly refund every penny, NO QUESTIONS ASKED.

Think about it.... All the details of The Motley Fool's soaring TV content stocks. All the exclusive information on the members-only Stock Advisor website. All the reports and action guides. All the recommendations. All the articles and investing tips.

Plus a valuable fast-action bonus detailed below — THEY'RE ALL YOURS TO KEEP WITH MY COMPLIMENTS.

And just so I'm being clear... if you decide you'd like to opt out at any point after your first month, you'll be entitled to a refund of the full dollar value remaining in your membership account.

In other words, you're completely protected.

But I'm pretty sure that once you have a closer look at what our award-winning investment team is up to, you'll want to stick around and get all the upcoming Stock Advisor recommendations...

That way you'll have the chance to discover companies like these...

Marvel (acquired by Disney) — Up 4,268%

Quality Systems (Nasdaq: QSII) — Up 682%

Activision Blizzard (Nasdaq: ATVI) — Up 1,236%

BorgWarner (NYSE: BWA) — Up 941%

Netflix (Nasdaq: NFLX) — Up 3,294%

Interactive Brokers (Nasdaq: IBKR) — Up 101%

Teradata (NYSE: TDC) — Up 145%

Hasbro (Nasdaq: HAS) — Up 374%

Whole Foods Market (NYSE: WFM) — Up 111%

Sherwin-Williams (NYSE: SHW) — Up 330%

Coach (NYSE: COH) — Up 49%

MSC Industrial Direct (NYSE: MSM) — Up 273%

Believe me, the full list of Stock Advisor winners is even longer.

But I've already kept you long enough.

And I know that you need time to think about this investment for yourself, instead of just basing your decision on what I've been able to tell you here...

That's why I hope you'll take me up on my offer to get the full story on the companies we've discussed in this report, directly from Tom and David Gardner...

Before the Wall Street skeptics wise up.

Because once they start pricing these 3 stocks for a "post-cable" future, investors who had the insight and discipline to scoop them up now could become UNBELIEVABLY RICH!

Remember, when you accept my personal invitation and agree to sample everything Motley Fool Stock Advisor has to offer without risk or obligation today, I'll send your exclusive copy of "3 Must-See Stocks for the New Golden Age of TV" — absolutely free!

Because knowing the ticker symbols is just the beginning...what you really need is a complete plan of action.

How much is that kind of advice worth?

Well, there's a lot of folks who would charge you thousands of dollars for it. Maybe even tens of thousands.

But nevermind them...the best way to think about its value is to consider YOUR portfolio and its future growth. What would it mean to start getting better investment ideas — and all the support you need to turn them into REAL results?

I'm guessing quite a lot. But if you join us at Stock Advisor right now through this special invitation, you can put a team of experts to work for you for a price that's much, much less than that.

And that's not the only good news...

Normally, you can gain access to every top recommendation on the Motley Fool Stock Advisor scorecard, plus get all our updates and reports, plus access to the members-only website that archives everything covered by Stock Advisor, for the regular membership rate of $199.

Given the kinds of returns I've showed you today, I'm sure you'll agree that's a bargain in itself.

But, because I want to make absolutely sure you don't miss out on your chance to profit from this $2.2 trillion changing of the guard, I've put together an even better deal for you.

One that allows you to sample everything I've told you about today, risk-free, for 30 full days... and then lock in the absolute lowest price we can offer for two full years of the service.

AT JUST $98 FOR 2 YEARS of Stock Advisor, YOU'LL SAVE AN INCREDIBLE $300 off the regular membership rate.

Of course, if you'd rather not take advantage of our absolute best offer, you're still welcome to join Stock Advisor for one year at the bargain price of just $49.

That's 75% LESS than many other investors have gladly paid.

Here's another way to think about it... for less than 14 cents a day, you get instant access to all of the market-crushing stock picks, premium reports, and valuable investment tools we've discussed today.

That's the same amount it costs you to drive your car ONE MILE (we calculated it).

Think of it as a way to "go the extra mile" every day to secure your financial future. We guarantee that it will be worth it — or your money back!

No other team will work harder on your behalf. Doing all the research, making the contacts, poring over the financial books, doing the key calculations — all to make sure you get the very best investments for the months and years ahead.

And joining Stock Advisor means more than getting Tom and David's three "Television 2.0" picks, and two more brand-new stock picks every month. Your membership also includes:

Monthly issues updating you on how our Core Stocks and Best Buys Now are performing

A personalized scorecard that lets you track the performance of all of your stocks in one convenient place

Breaking alerts by email with important market news that impacts your portfolio

Exclusive interviews with power players from the world of finance (like John Bogle from Vanguard) and some of America's top CEOs (like John Mackey from Whole Foods)

24/7 access to our lively online discussion boards — the world's first (and best!) water-cooler for great investing ideas)

A full, no-B.S. scoreboard for all of the picks we've ever made in Stock Advisor. David calls it "Moneyball for the financial world," and you won't find it anywhere else.

So join Motley Fool Stock Advisor today and you'll get all of the above, plus our premium action guide...

Have a look...

And if you join us right now, we'll also send you one of the most popular guides we've ever put together here at The Motley Fool (a $29 value) — ABSOLUTELY FREE!
3 Stocks to Own for the Next Industrial Revolution

3 Stocks to Own for the Next Industrial Revolution: Your FREE action guide reveals the disruptive invention that The Economist compares to the steam engine and the printing press. And the reason why it's about to put 100 million Chinese factory workers out on the street. Get The Motley Fool's top 3 picks (all of which have more than doubled since we first recommended them). And find out the best strategy for investing in the garage gadget that makes anything possible.(A $29 value.)

Plus, as a thank you for reading my investing report today, I'll even throw in ANOTHER free gift.
3 Stocks to Own for the Next Industrial Revolution

Energy Tech's Unsung Hero: Your Inside Scoop on the #1 Investment No-Brainer of the Century: Which reveals the one company that dominates this enormous hidden market. Discover how they’re skimming Big Oil’s profits, revolutionizing safety standards, and giving American investors a practical, feel-good alternative that frees us from a century of wild price swings and strange bedfellows.
(A $29 value.)

 
Set yourself up for massive profits inthe coming year with
Stocks 2014: 12 Stocks to Outsmart the Market Today
-- a $99 value -- yours absolutely FREE

Motley Fool co-founders David and Tom Gardner recently rounded up a team of the nation's top equity analysts to identify the stocks that stand to profit most in the coming year...

After exhaustive research, debate, and number crunching, these top Motley Fool stock pickers have emerged with 12 companies that will position you to profit in 2014, including...

    An emerging company developing the technology behind the Internet of Everything (IoE). This is the massive trend The Wall Street Journal refers to as a "very, very, very Big Thing in a world of Next Big Things.'" It's poised to grow fivefold in just seven years. And this company sits right at the center...

Stocks 2014

    A power player lined up to actually profit from Obamacare. Although the market has given it the cold shoulder, "this outlook couldn't be more short-sighted," according to one top analyst. That's because it's perfectly positioned to cash in on two massive trends that are aligning right now in America: healthcare cost inflation and an aging population.

    An under-the-radar oil and natural gas development firm. This company provides state-of-the-art seismic data that makes complex drilling possible -- a service major companies like BP, Shell, and Statoil are ponying up big money for...

You'll discover these three companies, plus nine more powerful investing opportunities, the instant you download your FREE copy of Stocks 2014: The Investor's Guide to the Year Ahead.

This is the highly sought-after annual report that has handed investors market-beating returns year after year. In fact, our top pick from 2013 shot up 134% while the S&P 500 rose just 26%. And we're confident the companies in this year's report could do even better.
Add it up and your FREE guides and discounts are worth more than $486

Yet you'll only pay a small fraction of that — and you won't have to risk even one dollar.

In other words, you have everything to gain — and absolutely nothing to lose.

Of course, there is one catch...

This offer could be pulled off the table as soon as tomorrow.

There's really no way to be sure, because it all depends on how many investors respond today...

And join the paying members who are adding to their positions in these 3 companies as we speak.

So I can only guarantee everything I've offered you today if you join us RIGHT NOW THROUGH THIS OFFER. Please don't risk missing out.

Just click the "Start Now" button below to join us, and begin securing a lifetime of wealth for yourself and your family today!
START NOW

I look forward to hearing from you soon.

Here's to your wealth!

Tom Conner

Tom Conner
VP of Software Development
The Motley Fool

P.S. If you want to position yourself to profit from the downfall of the cable companies before everyone finds out about Google's experimental project in Kansas City, and before Apple goes all-in with a breakthrough technology for your living room, these are the 3 stocks that position you for the kind of gains that usually happen when aggressive and well-connected insiders cut backroom deals. So please click the "Start Now" button above — don't risk missing out.

P.P.S. Remember, this is a unique win-win proposition because you're covered by The Motley Fool's "keep everything and risk nothing" DOUBLE GUARANTEE. But, out of respect for our paying members, the $486 in total discounts I'm offering you are strictly time-limited. To take full advantage, 
